Changes to system.md, readme.md and 7 files in example_templates (#24)
EddieDover/Theater-of-the-Mind: README.md

Reviewer: Since these templates will be included by default, please add a section to the ReadMe for Included Systems, list each of these, and give yourself credit.

Example: Alien: RPG - Your Name

that way we can add other authors later:

Alient: RPG - Your Name, Bob Johnson, Carl

Author: Absolutely.

> # Theater of the Mind (new module name? suggested: Party View or Party Sheet) - A [FoundryVTT](https://www.foundryvtt.com) Module

Author: Yep, it'll come out. Just a reminder that you suggested it when you mentioned bumping up to 2.0

[![Foundry Hub Endorsements](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?logoColor=white&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.foundryvtt-hub.com%2Fwp-json%2Fhubapi%2Fv1%2Fpackage%2Ftheater-of-the-mind%2Fshield%2Fendorsements)](https://www.foundryvtt-hub.com/package/theater-of-the-mind/)
[![Foundry Hub Comments](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?logoColor=white&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.foundryvtt-hub.com%2Fwp-json%2Fhubapi%2Fv1%2Fpackage%2Ftheater-of-the-mind%2Fshield%2Fcomments)](https://www.foundryvtt-hub.com/package/theater-of-the-mind/)

> This module will provide a GM with a table of characters, online only, or all, configurable in settings, in order to quickly see important stats, traits, abilites, etc. of all characters. Originally 5e only, it is now system agnostic and you can create easy to make .json templates for your system. It supports native Foundry and The Forge. Complete instructions for creating templates and placing them in the right folder on Foundry and Forge are included in the [SYSTEMS.MD] file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module will provide a GM with a table of characters, either online only or all (configurable in settings) in order to quickly see important stats, traits, abilites, etc. of the displayed characters. While the module was originally 5e only, it is now system agnostic and you can create (easy to make) .json templates for any system. It supports native Foundry and The Forge. Complete instructions for creating templates and placing them in the right folder on Foundry and Forge are included in the [SYSTEMS.MD] file.
```

> The original intent of this module was to provide a 'party view' feature that I found missing when I first started using [FoundryVTT](https://www.foundryvtt.com) instead of [Fantasy Grounds](https://www.fantasygrounds.com). It will be updated with features that I personally want or need, or are requested of me by some poor soul. While originally only supporting 5e, I have now set it up so that anyone can create a template for any system, and it is now system agnostic. Several other systems have already been created, and more are already in the works and even more are planned. If you create a template, please submit it via email, Discord or GitHub, and we will include it in future updates with full credit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original intent of this module was to provide a 'party view' feature that I found missing when I first started using [FoundryVTT](https://www.foundryvtt.com) instead of [Fantasy Grounds](https://www.fantasygrounds.com). It will be updated with features that I personally want or need, or are requested of me by some poor soul. Several templates for various systems have been created, and more are already in the works with even more planned.

If you create a template, please submit it via email, Discord or GitHub as a Pull Request, and we will include it in future updates with full credit.
```

## Features
- Adds a 'Party Sheet' similar to that provided by Fantasy Grounds. Just click the Party Sheet icon on the Tokens Controls sub-menu.

>   - The Party Sheet can be configured via the options to either display only currently connected players, or all non-npc characters. When using the all-characters display, there is a separate dialog to allow hiding of any characters the DM doesn't need to worry about. See the [SYSTEMS.md] file for how to create a json file for your own system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The Party Sheet can be configured via the options to either display only currently connected players, or all non-npc characters. When using the all-characters display, there is a separate dialog to allow hiding of any characters the DM doesn't need to worry about. See the [SYSTEMS.md] file for instructions on how to create a json file for your own system.
```
